Life without the Internet – Effects on Business

Almost all businesses nowadays have some relationship with the Internet whether it’s a simple business listing or an online store. What implications would be put upon businesses across the world with the loss of the Internet?
Perhaps world wide recession, stock markets would collapse, millions of businesses go bust and millions of people loose their jobs?
The impact on businesses that utilize the Internet would be massive and the make or break factor would be if they could survive without it?
But there may be some advantages amongst this devastation; as consumers we’d probably start buying locally, enriching our local towns and shops. We’d look for local services and sustain local economies by trading within our immediate areas. 
The loss of jobs that relate to Internet Business would be hard to digest. Jobs at our local super market working the tills would suddenly be in high demand as well as many other jobs that don’t directly relate to the Internet.

What Businesses might survive?
Many older businesses ‘embraced’ the Internet and didn’t solely found their existence around it, so we’d find a good number of businesses still in a position to trade. They merely used the Internet as an advertising medium or extra virtual shop. As long as they had diversity and a strong customer base they’d adapt in whatever ways necessary to keep trading.
http://jamieking.co.uk/kb/life-without-the-internet.html
Jamie King Media. (January 28, 2018

Growing your business
New marketing techniques, including taping into social media to reach customers, would never be possible without the Web. Major brands like Coca Cola relied on more static mediums like bilboards and TV ads. For companies like NeXT, samples and demos needed to be presented in person to have a notable impact. For example, here’s a video of Steve Jobs demoing to showcase “interconnected personal computing,” which had to be brought clients by a sales representative.Today, instantly sending over demonstration videos and other important documentation saves time and money, allow clients to find the best services available, while helping small and large businesses bring in revenue.
https://thenextweb.com/shareables/2011/12/08/9-things-before-the-internet/

WHOLE WEBSITE
http://smallbusiness.chron.com/internet-impacted-businesses-321.html
